about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---


<img style="float: right" src="../content/DSC_0025.JPG" height="40%" width="40%">

I am a fellow of the [Alexander von Humboldt (AvH)
Foundation](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de).

Prior to my position as an
[AvH](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de/web/home.html) fellow at
[HITS](www.h-its.org), I was a post-doctoral research fellow in [Dr. Falk
Herwig](www.astro.uvic.ca/~fherwig)'s [Computational Stellar Astrophysics
(CSA)](http://csa.phys.uvic.ca) research group at the University of Victoria in
beautiful British Columbia, Canada.

I did my Ph.D. in physics at [Keele University](http://www.keele.ac.uk/) under
the supervision of [Dr. Raphael
Hirschi](http://www.astro.keele.ac.uk/~hirschi).

I research the evolution and explosion of stars and the origin of the elements.
A large part of my work involves performing computer simulations.
 
I am Co-PI of the [NuGrid collaboration](www.nugridstars.org): an
international group of scientists working on problems related to stellar
evolution, supernovae and nucleosynthesis.

I am also interested in hydrodynamic processes operating in stellar interiors.

photo: _Peter Saueressig/HITS_

Commit message:

added link to article
Former-commit-id: b472e27c92d4f3d4208d41bb24fde2de3c275fca

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---


<img style="float: right" src="../content/DSC_0025.JPG" height="40%" width="40%">

I am a fellow of the [Alexander von Humboldt (AvH)
Foundation](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de).

Prior to my position as an
[AvH](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de/web/home.html) fellow at
[HITS](www.h-its.org), I was a post-doctoral research fellow in [Dr. Falk
Herwig](www.astro.uvic.ca/~fherwig)'s [Computational Stellar Astrophysics
(CSA)](http://csa.phys.uvic.ca) research group at the University of Victoria in
beautiful British Columbia, Canada.

I did my Ph.D. in physics at [Keele University](http://www.keele.ac.uk/) under
the supervision of [Dr. Raphael
Hirschi](http://www.astro.keele.ac.uk/~hirschi).

I research the evolution and explosion of stars and the origin of the elements.
A large part of my work involves performing computer simulations.
 
I am Co-PI of the [NuGrid collaboration](www.nugridstars.org): an
international group of scientists working on problems related to stellar
evolution, supernovae and nucleosynthesis.

I am also interested in hydrodynamic processes operating in stellar interiors.

You can read more about me and my work in [this
article](http://www.h-its.org/news/simulating-the-death-of-stars/).

photo: _Peter Saueressig/HITS_
