---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---


<img style="float: right" src="../content/DSC_0025.JPG" height="40%" width="40%">

I am an astrophysicist and a post-doctoral research fellow of the [Alexander
von Humboldt Foundation](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de/web/home.html) in
[Prof. Dr. Fritz RÃ¶pke](http://wwwmpa.mpa-garching.mpg.de/~fritz/)'s [Physics
of Stellar Objects (PSO)](http://www.h-its.org/en/research/pso/) research
group at the [Heidelberg Institute for Theoretical Studies
(HITS)](www.h-its.org).  My research focuses on the evolution and explosion of
stars and the origin of the elements; a large part of which involves
performing computer simulations.  I am also a Co-PI of the [NuGrid
collaboration](www.nugridstars.org): an international group of scientists
working on problems related to stellar evolution, supernovae and
nucleosynthesis.

Prior to my position as an
[AvH](http://www.humboldt-foundation.de/web/home.html) fellow at
[HITS](www.h-its.org), I was a post-doctoral research fellow in [Dr. Falk
Herwig](www.astro.uvic.ca/~fherwig)'s [Computational Stellar Astrophysics
(CSA)](http://csa.phys.uvic.ca) research group at the University of Victoria
in beautiful British Columbia, Canada.
I did my Ph.D. in physics at [Keele University](http://www.keele.ac.uk/) under
the supervision of [Dr. Raphael
Hirschi](http://www.astro.keele.ac.uk/~hirschi).

You can read more about me and my work in [this
article](http://www.h-its.org/news/simulating-the-death-of-stars/). A list of
my publications and talks are available via the links at the top of the page.

photo: _Peter Saueressig/HITS_
