publications.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Publications
permalink: /publications/
---

__Uncertainties in Galactic Chemical Evolution Models__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.06270)

B. C&ocirc;t&eacute;, C. Ritter, B. W. O'Shea, F. Herwig, M. Pignatari,
__S. Jones__, C. Fryer __(2016)__

_The Astrophysical Journal, in press_

---

__Do electron-capture supernovae make neutron stars? First multidimensional
simulations of the oxygen deflagration__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.05771)

__S. Jones__, F. K. Roepke, R. Pakmor, I. R. Seitenzahl, S. T. Ohlmann & P. V.
F. Edelmann __(2016)__

_Submitted to Astronomy & Astrophysics_

---

__Weak reaction rates of *sd*-shell nuclei with the USDB interaction__

__S. Jones__, M. G. Bertolli & C. Johnson __(2016)__

_Submitted to Physical Review C_

---

__H ingestion into He-burning convection zones in super-AGB stellar models
as a potential site for intermediate neutron-density nucleosynthesis__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2016MNRAS.455.3848J)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.07417)

__S. Jones__, C. Ritter, F. Herwig, C. Fryer, M. Pignatari, M. G. Bertolli,
B. Paxton __(2016)__

_Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, 455, 3848_

---

__Code dependencies of pre-supernova evolution and nucleosynthesis in massive
stars: evolution to the end of core helium burning__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2015MNRAS.447.3115J)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.6518)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi, M. Pignatari, A. Heger, C. Georgy, N. Nishimura,
C. Fryer & F. Herwig __(2015)__

_Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, 447, 4, 3115_

---

__Electron Capture and Beta-Decay Rates for the Collapse of O+Ne+Mg Cores__ |
[ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014EPJWC..6607011L)

Y\. H\. Lam, G. Martinez-Pinedo, K. Langanke, S. Jones, R. Hirschi, R. Zegers &
A. Brown __(2014)__

_European Physical Journal Web of Conferences, 66, 7011_

---

__Hybrid C-O-Ne White Dwarfs as Progenitors of Diverse SNe Ia__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.1471)

P\. Denisenkov, J. W. Truran, F. Herwig, __S. Jones__, B. Paxton, K. Nomoto, T.
Suzuki & H. Toki __(2014)__

_Proceedings of Science, XIII Nuclei in the Cosmos, 7-11 July, 2014, Debrecen,
Hungary_

---

__The i-process and CEMP-r/s stars__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014nic..confE.145D)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.05500)


L\. Dardelet, C. Ritter, P. Prado, E. Heringer, C. Higgs, __S. Jones__,
P\. Denissenkov, K. Venn, M. Bertolli, M. Pignatari, P. Woodward,
F\. Herwig __(2014)__

_Proceedings of Science, XIII Nuclei in the Cosmos, 7-11 July, 2014, Debrecen, Hungary_

---

__Impact of Nuclear Reactions at High Densities on the Fate of
Intermediate-Mass Stars__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014nic..confE.125M)


H. Moeller, __S. Jones__, T. Fischer, G. Martinez-Pinedo __(2014)__

_Proceedings of Science, XIII Nuclei in the Cosmos, 7-11 July, 2014, Debrecen,
Hungary_

---

__The final fate of stars that ignite neon and oxygen off-center:
electron capture or iron core-collapse supernova?__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014ApJ...797...83J)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.2878)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi & K. Nomoto __(2014)__

_The Astrophysical Journal, 797, 83_

---

__Hybrid C-O-Ne white dwarfs as progenitors of type Ia supernovae: dependence
on Urca process and mixing assumptions__ |
[ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2015MNRAS.447.2696D)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.0248)

P\. Denisenkov, J. W. Truran, F. Herwig, __S. Jones__, K. Nomoto, T. Suzuki &
H. Toki __(2014)__

_Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, 447, 2696_

---

__Detailed e-capture and beta-decay rates for URCA nuclear pairs in 8 -- 10
solar-mass stars__

T\. Suzuki, H. Toki, K. Nomoto, __S. Jones__ & R. Hirschi __(2014)__

_Proceedings of OMEG 12_

---

__NuGrid stellar data set. I. Stellar yields from H to Bi for stars with
metallicity Z = 0.02 and Z = 0.01__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.6961)

M\. Pignatari, F. Herwig, R. Hirschi, M. Bennett, G. Rockefeller, C. Fryer, F.
X. Timmes, A. Heger, __S. Jones__, U. Battino, C. Ritter, S. Diehl, A. Dotter,
U. Frischknecht, A. Hungerford, G. Magkotsios, C. Travaglio, & P. Young
__(2013)__

_The Astrophysical Journal Supplements_, in press.

---

__Detailed beta transition rates for URCA nuclear pairs in 8 -- 10 solar-mass
stars__ | [APS](http://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevC.88.015806)

H\. Toki, T. Suzuki, K. Nomoto, __S. Jones__ & R. Hirschi __(2013)__

_Physical Review C, 88, 1_

---

__Advanced burning stages and fate of 8 -- 10 M$$_\odot$$ stars__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/cgi-bin/bib_query?arXiv:1306.2030)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi, K. Nomoto, T. Fischer, F. X. Timmes,, F. Herwig, B.
Paxton, H. Toki, T. Suzuki, G. Martinez-Pinedo, Y. H. Lam & M. G. Bertolli
__(2013)__

_The Astrophysical Journal, 772, 150_

---

__Progenitors of electron-capture supernovae__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2012IAUS..279..341J)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi, F. Herwig, B. Paxton, F. X. Timmes & K. Nomoto
__(2012)__

_Proceedings of the International Astronomical Union, IAU Symposium, Volume
279: "Death of Massive Stars: Supernovae and Gamma-Ray Bursts", p. 341-342_

Commit message:

added O shell paper
Former-commit-id: c9425dd24da927bf910c5db12a896e4948557ade

publications.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Publications
permalink: /publications/
---

__Idealised hydrodynamic simulations of turbulent oxygen-burning shell
convection in 4$\pi$ geometry__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1605.03766)

S. Jones, R. Andrassy, S. Sandalski, A. Davis, P. Woodward, F. Herwig
__(2016)__

_Submitted to Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society_

---

__Uncertainties in Galactic Chemical Evolution Models__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1509.06270)

B. C&ocirc;t&eacute;, C. Ritter, B. W. O'Shea, F. Herwig, M. Pignatari,
__S. Jones__, C. Fryer __(2016)__

_The Astrophysical Journal, in press_

---

__Do electron-capture supernovae make neutron stars? First multidimensional
simulations of the oxygen deflagration__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1602.05771)

__S. Jones__, F. K. Roepke, R. Pakmor, I. R. Seitenzahl, S. T. Ohlmann & P. V.
F. Edelmann __(2016)__

_Submitted to Astronomy & Astrophysics_

---

__Weak reaction rates of *sd*-shell nuclei with the USDB interaction__

__S. Jones__, M. G. Bertolli & C. Johnson __(2016)__

_Submitted to Physical Review C_

---

__H ingestion into He-burning convection zones in super-AGB stellar models
as a potential site for intermediate neutron-density nucleosynthesis__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2016MNRAS.455.3848J)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1510.07417)

__S. Jones__, C. Ritter, F. Herwig, C. Fryer, M. Pignatari, M. G. Bertolli,
B. Paxton __(2016)__

_Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, 455, 3848_

---

__Code dependencies of pre-supernova evolution and nucleosynthesis in massive
stars: evolution to the end of core helium burning__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2015MNRAS.447.3115J)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.6518)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi, M. Pignatari, A. Heger, C. Georgy, N. Nishimura,
C. Fryer & F. Herwig __(2015)__

_Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, 447, 4, 3115_

---

__Electron Capture and Beta-Decay Rates for the Collapse of O+Ne+Mg Cores__ |
[ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014EPJWC..6607011L)

Y\. H\. Lam, G. Martinez-Pinedo, K. Langanke, S. Jones, R. Hirschi, R. Zegers &
A. Brown __(2014)__

_European Physical Journal Web of Conferences, 66, 7011_

---

__Hybrid C-O-Ne White Dwarfs as Progenitors of Diverse SNe Ia__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1411.1471)

P\. Denisenkov, J. W. Truran, F. Herwig, __S. Jones__, B. Paxton, K. Nomoto, T.
Suzuki & H. Toki __(2014)__

_Proceedings of Science, XIII Nuclei in the Cosmos, 7-11 July, 2014, Debrecen,
Hungary_

---

__The i-process and CEMP-r/s stars__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014nic..confE.145D)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1505.05500)


L\. Dardelet, C. Ritter, P. Prado, E. Heringer, C. Higgs, __S. Jones__,
P\. Denissenkov, K. Venn, M. Bertolli, M. Pignatari, P. Woodward,
F\. Herwig __(2014)__

_Proceedings of Science, XIII Nuclei in the Cosmos, 7-11 July, 2014, Debrecen, Hungary_

---

__Impact of Nuclear Reactions at High Densities on the Fate of
Intermediate-Mass Stars__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014nic..confE.125M)


H. Moeller, __S. Jones__, T. Fischer, G. Martinez-Pinedo __(2014)__

_Proceedings of Science, XIII Nuclei in the Cosmos, 7-11 July, 2014, Debrecen,
Hungary_

---

__The final fate of stars that ignite neon and oxygen off-center:
electron capture or iron core-collapse supernova?__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2014ApJ...797...83J)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1412.2878)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi & K. Nomoto __(2014)__

_The Astrophysical Journal, 797, 83_

---

__Hybrid C-O-Ne white dwarfs as progenitors of type Ia supernovae: dependence
on Urca process and mixing assumptions__ |
[ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2015MNRAS.447.2696D)
[arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1407.0248)

P\. Denisenkov, J. W. Truran, F. Herwig, __S. Jones__, K. Nomoto, T. Suzuki &
H. Toki __(2014)__

_Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society, 447, 2696_

---

__Detailed e-capture and beta-decay rates for URCA nuclear pairs in 8 -- 10
solar-mass stars__

T\. Suzuki, H. Toki, K. Nomoto, __S. Jones__ & R. Hirschi __(2014)__

_Proceedings of OMEG 12_

---

__NuGrid stellar data set. I. Stellar yields from H to Bi for stars with
metallicity Z = 0.02 and Z = 0.01__
| [arXiv](http://arxiv.org/abs/1307.6961)

M\. Pignatari, F. Herwig, R. Hirschi, M. Bennett, G. Rockefeller, C. Fryer, F.
X. Timmes, A. Heger, __S. Jones__, U. Battino, C. Ritter, S. Diehl, A. Dotter,
U. Frischknecht, A. Hungerford, G. Magkotsios, C. Travaglio, & P. Young
__(2013)__

_The Astrophysical Journal Supplements_, in press.

---

__Detailed beta transition rates for URCA nuclear pairs in 8 -- 10 solar-mass
stars__ | [APS](http://link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevC.88.015806)

H\. Toki, T. Suzuki, K. Nomoto, __S. Jones__ & R. Hirschi __(2013)__

_Physical Review C, 88, 1_

---

__Advanced burning stages and fate of 8 -- 10 M$$_\odot$$ stars__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/cgi-bin/bib_query?arXiv:1306.2030)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi, K. Nomoto, T. Fischer, F. X. Timmes,, F. Herwig, B.
Paxton, H. Toki, T. Suzuki, G. Martinez-Pinedo, Y. H. Lam & M. G. Bertolli
__(2013)__

_The Astrophysical Journal, 772, 150_

---

__Progenitors of electron-capture supernovae__
| [ADS](http://adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2012IAUS..279..341J)

__S. Jones__, R. Hirschi, F. Herwig, B. Paxton, F. X. Timmes & K. Nomoto
__(2012)__

_Proceedings of the International Astronomical Union, IAU Symposium, Volume
279: "Death of Massive Stars: Supernovae and Gamma-Ray Bursts", p. 341-342_
