talks.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Talks
permalink: /talks/
---

2016.01.20
<br>
__Stars on Death Row__

Invited seminar
<br>
Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe
<br>
(World Premier Institute)
<br>
Tokyo, Japan

---

2015.12.11
<br>
__Stars on Death Row__

Invited seminar
<br>
Konkoly Observatory
<br>
Hungarian Academy of Sciences
<br>
Budapest, Hungary

---

2015.06.01
<br>
__Progenitors of electron-capture supernovae__

Invited review talk
<br>
Fifty-one Ergs (FOE)
<br>
NCSU
<br>
Raleigh, North Carolina, USA

---

2015.05.27
<br>
__Modelling convection as a diffusive process__

Galactic evolution, Nuclear Astrophysics and Stellar Hydrodynamics (GNASH)
<br>
JINA-CEE workshop
<br>
University of Victoria
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada

---

2015.05.25
<br>
__Hydrogen-ingestion in stars__

Galactic evolution, Nuclear Astrophysics and Stellar Hydrodynamics (GNASH)
<br>
JINA-CEE workshop
<br>
University of Victoria
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada

---

2014.12.12
<br>
__Some outstanding problems in the evolution of supernova progenitors__

TAPIR seminar
<br>
California Institute of Technology
<br>
Pasadena, California, USA

---

2014.11.27
<br>
__The evolution of supernova progenitors__

Invited seminar
<br>
Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe
<br>
(World Premier Institute)
<br>
Tokyo, Japan

---

2014.08.18
<br>
__The evolution of supernova progenitors__

Physics Division seminar
<br>
Oak Ridge National Laboratory
<br>
Tennessee, USA

---

2014.08.07
<br>
__Progenitors of electron-capture supernovae__

Nucleosynthesis and Chemical Evolution Program INT-14-2b
<br>
Institute for Nuclear Theory, University of Washington
<br>
Seattle, USA

---

2014.01.21
<br>
__Evolution of electron capture supernova progenitors__

Invited seminar
<br>
Institut für Kernphysik Theoriezentrum, TU Darmstadt
<br>
Darmstadt, Germany

---
          
2013.06.18
<br>
__Evolution of electron capture supernova progenitors: new models, improved nuclear physics and hydrodynamic mixing uncertainties__

Invited seminar
<br>
Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe 
<br>
(World Premier Institute)
<br>
Tokyo, Japan

---

2013.10.29
<br>
__Supernovae from 8--12 solar mass stars: new stellar models__

Supernovae and Gamma-ray bursts 2013, Kyoto, Japan.
<br>
Yukawa Institute for Theoretical Physics
<br>
Kyoto, Japan

---

2013.06.18
<br>
__Low mass (type II) supernova (progenitors): the transition__

NuGrid collaboration meeting 2013, University of Victoria,
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada

---

2013.06.13
<br>
__Advanced evolution and fate of 8--10 M$$_\odot$$ stars__

Massive stars: from Alpha to Omega
<br>
Rhodes, Greece

---

2013.01.29
<br>
__Progenitors of electron capture supernovae and related nuclear physics uncertainties__

Hirschegg 2013 - "Astrophysics and Nuclear Structure" (International Workshop XLI on Gross Properties of Nuclei and Nuclear Excitations)
<br>
Hirschegg, Kleinwalsertal, Austria

---

2012.11.26
<br>
__Impacts of convective boundary mixing and weak reaction uncertainties
on 8--12 M$$_\odot$$ stars__

EUROGENESIS MACHE meeting, Goethe University
<br>
Frankfurt, Germany

---

2012.07.08
<br>
__The transition from super-AGB to massive star__

Institut für Kernphysik Theoriezentrum, TU Darmstadt 
<br>
Darmstadt, Germany

---

2012.02.08
<br>
__Stellar evolution at the boundary between white drawf and neutron star__

Short talks programme
<br>
Keele University
<br>
Keele, Staffordshire, United Kingdom

---

2011.09.05
__Electron-capture supernova progenitor modelling__

Massive stars and Supernovae one-day workshop,
<br>
Institute of Astronomy
<br>
University of Cambridge
<br>
Cambridge, United Kingdom

----

2011.07.06
<br>
__Comprehensive nucleosynthesis simulations in Massive and super-AGB star models__

NuGrid Collaboration meeting 2011
<br>
University of Victoria
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada


# Poster Presentations

---

2014.07.07-11
<br>
__CANFAR software-as-a-service for NuGrid data exploration__

Nuclei in the Cosmos XIII
<br>
Debrecen, Hungary

---

2012.09.10
<br>
__Final evolution and fates at the transition between massive and super-AGB stars__

Supernovae Illuminating the Universe: from Individuals to Populations
<br>
ESO/MPA/MPE/Excellence Cluster Universe Conference
<br>
Garching, Germany.

---

2012.03.12-16
<br>
__Life at the edge: Progenitors of the lowest mass core-collapse supernovae__

IAU Symposium 279: "Death of Massive Stars: Supernovae and Gamma-Ray Bursts"
<br>
Nikko, Japan.

Commit message:

adding Ringberg talk
Former-commit-id: 524954ca6084c9dbbd9d6ff384802dd79a2a5609

talks.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Talks
permalink: /talks/
---

2016.03.14
<br>
__The "Bermuda Triangle": evolution and fate of 8-12 solar-mass stars__

18th Workshop on Nuclear Astrophysics
<br>
Ringberg Castle at Lake Tegernsee
<br>
Germany

---

2016.01.20
<br>
__Stars on Death Row__

Invited seminar
<br>
Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe
<br>
(World Premier Institute)
<br>
Tokyo, Japan

---

2015.12.11
<br>
__Stars on Death Row__

Invited seminar
<br>
Konkoly Observatory
<br>
Hungarian Academy of Sciences
<br>
Budapest, Hungary

---

2015.06.01
<br>
__Progenitors of electron-capture supernovae__

Invited review talk
<br>
Fifty-one Ergs (FOE)
<br>
NCSU
<br>
Raleigh, North Carolina, USA

---

2015.05.27
<br>
__Modelling convection as a diffusive process__

Galactic evolution, Nuclear Astrophysics and Stellar Hydrodynamics (GNASH)
<br>
JINA-CEE workshop
<br>
University of Victoria
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada

---

2015.05.25
<br>
__Hydrogen-ingestion in stars__

Galactic evolution, Nuclear Astrophysics and Stellar Hydrodynamics (GNASH)
<br>
JINA-CEE workshop
<br>
University of Victoria
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada

---

2014.12.12
<br>
__Some outstanding problems in the evolution of supernova progenitors__

TAPIR seminar
<br>
California Institute of Technology
<br>
Pasadena, California, USA

---

2014.11.27
<br>
__The evolution of supernova progenitors__

Invited seminar
<br>
Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe
<br>
(World Premier Institute)
<br>
Tokyo, Japan

---

2014.08.18
<br>
__The evolution of supernova progenitors__

Physics Division seminar
<br>
Oak Ridge National Laboratory
<br>
Tennessee, USA

---

2014.08.07
<br>
__Progenitors of electron-capture supernovae__

Nucleosynthesis and Chemical Evolution Program INT-14-2b
<br>
Institute for Nuclear Theory, University of Washington
<br>
Seattle, USA

---

2014.01.21
<br>
__Evolution of electron capture supernova progenitors__

Invited seminar
<br>
Institut für Kernphysik Theoriezentrum, TU Darmstadt
<br>
Darmstadt, Germany

---
          
2013.06.18
<br>
__Evolution of electron capture supernova progenitors: new models, improved nuclear physics and hydrodynamic mixing uncertainties__

Invited seminar
<br>
Kavli Institute for the Physics and Mathematics of the Universe 
<br>
(World Premier Institute)
<br>
Tokyo, Japan

---

2013.10.29
<br>
__Supernovae from 8--12 solar mass stars: new stellar models__

Supernovae and Gamma-ray bursts 2013, Kyoto, Japan.
<br>
Yukawa Institute for Theoretical Physics
<br>
Kyoto, Japan

---

2013.06.18
<br>
__Low mass (type II) supernova (progenitors): the transition__

NuGrid collaboration meeting 2013, University of Victoria,
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada

---

2013.06.13
<br>
__Advanced evolution and fate of 8--10 M$$_\odot$$ stars__

Massive stars: from Alpha to Omega
<br>
Rhodes, Greece

---

2013.01.29
<br>
__Progenitors of electron capture supernovae and related nuclear physics uncertainties__

Hirschegg 2013 - "Astrophysics and Nuclear Structure" (International Workshop XLI on Gross Properties of Nuclei and Nuclear Excitations)
<br>
Hirschegg, Kleinwalsertal, Austria

---

2012.11.26
<br>
__Impacts of convective boundary mixing and weak reaction uncertainties
on 8--12 M$$_\odot$$ stars__

EUROGENESIS MACHE meeting, Goethe University
<br>
Frankfurt, Germany

---

2012.07.08
<br>
__The transition from super-AGB to massive star__

Institut für Kernphysik Theoriezentrum, TU Darmstadt 
<br>
Darmstadt, Germany

---

2012.02.08
<br>
__Stellar evolution at the boundary between white drawf and neutron star__

Short talks programme
<br>
Keele University
<br>
Keele, Staffordshire, United Kingdom

---

2011.09.05
__Electron-capture supernova progenitor modelling__

Massive stars and Supernovae one-day workshop,
<br>
Institute of Astronomy
<br>
University of Cambridge
<br>
Cambridge, United Kingdom

----

2011.07.06
<br>
__Comprehensive nucleosynthesis simulations in Massive and super-AGB star models__

NuGrid Collaboration meeting 2011
<br>
University of Victoria
<br>
Victoria, BC, Canada


# Poster Presentations

---

2014.07.07-11
<br>
__CANFAR software-as-a-service for NuGrid data exploration__

Nuclei in the Cosmos XIII
<br>
Debrecen, Hungary

---

2012.09.10
<br>
__Final evolution and fates at the transition between massive and super-AGB stars__

Supernovae Illuminating the Universe: from Individuals to Populations
<br>
ESO/MPA/MPE/Excellence Cluster Universe Conference
<br>
Garching, Germany.

---

2012.03.12-16
<br>
__Life at the edge: Progenitors of the lowest mass core-collapse supernovae__

IAU Symposium 279: "Death of Massive Stars: Supernovae and Gamma-Ray Bursts"
<br>
Nikko, Japan.
